# HLTV-Match-Fetcher
An automated script to fetch and analyze upcoming CS2 matches from HLTV. The script uses the HLTV API to gather data, performs analysis, and saves the results to Azure Blob Storage. 🦉
## Frontend
The frontend for this project is a Chrome extension that reads the match data from the JSON file generated by the backend. It is hosted in a separate repository: [HLTV-Chrome-Extension](https://github.com/netistul/HLTV-Chrome-Extension).
## Developer's Guide 🛠️

To use this script, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
git clone https://github.com/netistul/HLTV-Match-Fetcher.git
2. **Install Dependencies**:
npm install
3. **Transpile TypeScript to JavaScript**:
tsc
4. **Run the Script**:
node dist/hltvMatchFetcher.js

This will execute `hltvMatchFetcher.ts` after it's been transpiled to JavaScript. The script fetches upcoming matches from HLTV, analyzes various match details like teams, logos, and event names, and then stores this information in a JSON file. It also uploads this JSON file to Azure Blob Storage for further use or analysis.

---

### Setting Up Credentials :key:

Before running the script, you'll need to set up your Azure Blob Storage credentials. Here's how:

#### Environment Variables

1. **Create a `.env` file** at the root directory of your project.
2. **Inside the `.env` file**, set the following variables:

    ```env
    AZURE_ACCOUNT_NAME=your_azure_account_name
    AZURE_ACCOUNT_KEY=your_azure_account_key
    ```

    Replace `your_azure_account_name` and `your_azure_account_key` with your actual Azure Blob Storage account name and key.